hey hello everybody
I'm I'm honored to be speaking right now
to you
and
I know that
a powerful teacher
when she or he dies have you ever heard
this phrase
becomes
her or his admirers
we have David Graber in each of us
so I'd like to address
in a personal way the part of you that
is
David alive in us so David
you know if we were talking right now
and we are
uh
what you would often ask is uh
what are you working on right now Billy
what's your preoccupation and it's it's
because I usually knew what you were up
to because I of your latest book and
just
but you would ask you would take the
time to ask
and I
I would say right now
I'm thinking about Revolution
we we are
in a time in our
our effort to
defend the Earth
we're in a time here in the United
States at least New York City at least
where
the notion that we would
be a part of an earth Revolution
is simply not
entertained by that many people
and I'm not sure why
the gap between being a cultural worker
and being somebody who carries the
meaning of the Earth
the meaning of the sixth Extinction the
meaning of living in ecosystems that in
one's body
such that that I can cross
the Border
into private well they always say
private property or trespassing that's
the first thing they say
to anybody
trying to really change society
the gap between the culture worker and
the Revolutionary
I don't remember it ever being as wide
as it's a chasm
and of course the gap between
you and I
and the super powerful people who are
making billions of dollars and they are
actively knowingly in front of all of us
putting these toxins into the atmosphere
in the soil on the water such that
cities are blowing up
bursting into flames and and and
Darren Olivia just
I wonder what you would think
you would have something to say about
these
the situation we're in right now and
I feel that
ah
we're looking for a way to be
revolutionaries
carry meaning in our physically
in in being actual so that we go into
that supersaturated advertising world
that that world full of military and
financial threats I mean it is a a
virtual reality that can only be
confronted by our our bodies
and you know
singing
shouting
but being there
in in the bank
in the within the corporation
interrupting their sight lines
turning their attention towards us
personally
asking them to think about what they're
doing
laughs
well David
I know that that
just having you in our lives
making a school a research center a
place
where we can invite other people to to
have the experience with you that we
have had
I know that you're with us I know that
you are alive in us
and we're just so grateful to you
Earth alluria